\documentclass{letter}

\begin{document}
Dear Mr Kunze,

My passion with computers started as early as I have memories. There was already
a computer at home before I was born. Never had doubts I would choose a
different career. At the age of fourteen I started programming in web languages,
at the same time I installed my first GNU/Linux distribution.

With seventeen years old I got accepted in the best university of Amazon region
and after the first semester I started to work for Ericsson in a research
laboratory as a Java Developer. Two Years later I could work with Java again
when hired by Siemens for a year as Software Engineer intern in the United
States.

So I have ten years of programming experience, seven of them as a professional.
But my passion has always been Linux and servers. In 2012 I was hired by the
biggest Linux support company of Amazon region. The company provides high level
support to the servers and services of lots of malls, big supermarket chains and
telecom companies. There was so much work and things I was learning that I
suspended my college degree for one semester so I could dive into the technology
stack and learn as much as my time allowed me. I got my LIPC certification and
was promoted to LPIC instructor as a second role. So I taught Linux when there
was no issue if my set of clients. I even helped to improve the company's guide
book for the students. Since certification has a three years expiration date and
since I didn't renew it yet, I am not allowed to add it to my resumé.

When I returned from USA, I got an offer to work in my University's datacenter,
where is still my current job and passion. Here I was able to make many changes,
including bringing new technologies and methodologies. The campus has about
sixty thousand students and isn't easy to keep our infrastructure running
smooth. I will graduate in September and my contract doesn't allow me to work
without being a student. In another words, I'll be an unemployed engineer.

I have a big dream of living in Germany since many years ago. I did a three
years long German course and got a Goethe-Zertifikat B1, which I can't attach to
my resumé, for the same reason of the LPIC, it's expired. Since it's really hard
to speak German here in my hometown, my fluency level also decreased due to lack
of training, but this year I could spend my vacations in Germany and I had no
problems. I was really proud of myself.

In the job offer you mention starting date and salary expectations. For the
first issue, mid September seems a great time, due to my graduation and end of
working contract. Regarding salary, that's really tricky, I have to admit.
Berlin is an expensive city and I am looking for a position higher than Junior.
But I have never worked for the money, so do you think 40k€ before taxes is fair
enough?

I look forward to hear from you. Have a awesome week.

Kind regards,
Willian Paixao
\end{document}
